So now that you have your edit looking nice, crispy, entertaining, you're telling your story and
we've used the audio from our actual clips or added in pretend audio, if you want to call it post-production
audio to some of our clips to really sweeten up the overall video.
Before we dive into really using music to create music montage in the next section, what I want to
do as an experiment for you, because there's some really big insights and some just overall understandings
as an editor that I really want you to grasp on how much audio is affecting your edit and how much the
marriage between audio and visual is what creates the movies.
Commercials, TV shows, all the things that you love and that you are inspired by.
The reason you feel that way is because there is this perfect synergy between these two elements of
audio and video.
OK, that's one of the reasons why video is one of the most impactful mediums across all the artistic
platforms.
Of course, art painting is amazing.
Photography is amazing.
Singing or, you know, all the other stuff is amazing as well.
I'm not pressing any of them down.
But what I'm saying is that video film creating content is the one that uses all still imagery, motion
movement, sound visuals, all the senses and suffering as smell and touch, you know.
But the strongest senses that we have, I'm kind of rambling on here to wrap up this thought.
The strongest senses that we have as humans, our sight and sound.
OK.
If you go without your smelling and you lost your sense of smell.
Yeah, we kind of suck.
You know, if you lost your sense of touch or taste, yeah, that would suck, you know.
But losing your vision or your hearing would be a massive life change.
The other ones would really suck.
But these two are a massive wave of change.
Why is that?
Because he's the most connected to our experiential life that we live as humans.
So bit of a rant there.
But I want you to really see, you know, the deeper level.
That's what I want this to do, is really teach you deeper level of what you're doing and how it's affecting
other people.
So let's move over to the screen cap here.
And I want to kind of show the process a little bit of an overview of the process of going through and
choosing proper music for your edit.